This is a Dreamcast disc, and is for use only on a Dreamcast unit. Playing this disc on a Hi-Fi or other audio equipment can cause serious damage to its speakers. Please stop this disc now﻿.

Ce CD Dreamcast s'utilise uniquement sur une console Dreamcast. Utiliser ce CD dans une chaîne Hi-Fi ou tout autre équipement audio peut créer des sérieux dommages aux enceintes. Merci de retirer ce CD immédiatement.

Dies ist eine Dreamcast-Diskette. Sie ist ausschließlich für den Gebrauch auf einem Dreamcast-Gerät gedacht. Wenn Sie diese Diskette auf einem Hi-Fi oder anderem Audiogerät abspielen, kann erheblicher Schaden an den Lautsprechern entstehen. Bitte stoppen Sie jetzt diese Diskette.

Este disco compacto solo puede ser utilizado en una consola Dreamcast. Si lo reproduce en un equipo de alta fidelidad, u otro equipo de audio, puede que los altavoces sean seriamente dañados. Por favor, retire el disco.﻿

Vi ricordiamo che il dischetto Dreamcast può essere utilizzato soltanto su un'unità Dreamcast. L'uso del dischetto su uno stereo Hi-Fi, o su qualsiasi altro tipo di attrezzatura audio, può danneggiare seriamente gli altoparlanti. Vi preghiamo di interrompere l'uso del dischetto in questo preciso momento, e di estrarlo dall'unità Dreamcast.﻿


 this is a Dreamcast disc and is for use
only on a Dreamcast unit names discs on
a hi-fi or other audio equipment can
cause serious damage to its speakers
please stop this disc now

Cecilie Dreamcast's italy's minik
masseur in console dreamcast utilities
acid a dozen shinee fee to toe taking
audio the Creator Serio de modulus on
nacido 80s a CD immediate oh

this is
kinda Dreamcast is Katy
since Ashley sledge filling the bowl of
onion Dreamcast Connecticut aft whence
it is it a scatter of annum high fee for
the under him audio can read up spiel
can a hippie Hashanah and allowed to
play an inch T British Thomas it sees it
is katie

está listo compact o sólo
puede ser utilizes muna consulate
ringtones sin Laura gruesome equipo de
artes lira otro equipo de odio puede que
los santos a C&C; gammon Tejanos por
favor
frontier el mismo

lyric or diamo que
diskette o Dreamcast quest a rutila's
ato soul tanto son unit a Dreamcast lose
O'Dell diskette oh so no stereo
high-five Kosuke CAC Astro yet reso to
do poet and a Jerry cerium NTD alto
parlante di Trevi amo D in Turin Prelude
so des dice que todo ESO preciso momento
EDI strano dal UNITA drink ass 